# Simple-Calendar-App
This is a calendar application for a 9-5 workday. It allows the user to save their planning in hour blocks. These blocks are dynamically updated so that their colours represent the progression of time. The text saved is also called from localstorage on page load, so refreshing will not clear planning.
## Quick Function Rundown
1. Each hour of the workday is represented by a time block in the HTML. They have a label for the represented hour, and a unique id that corresponds to the represented hour in military time (hour-9 through hour-17). Otherwise, they are identical.
2. The JavaScript starts by assigning the current date (in dayjs year, month, day format) to the paragraph in the header with the id currentDay. This shows the current date at the top of the webpage.
3. Next is a series of 9 if/else statements with unique let statements. First, a value for the current hour is pulled and dynamically updated from dayjs. Then an integer value for the represented hours is pulled from each of the unique ids attached to the time blocks using parse and a regular expression. The proceeding if/else statements compare these two values and assign one of three outcomes. If the dynamic value representing the current hour is less than the integer pulled from the id (the hour represented by that time block) then the css class future (green) is added. If the values are equal then the class present (red) is added. Otherwise the class past (grey) is added. This repeats for each time block.
4. There is then a two part function that runs on page load. The first part uses an event listener for the save buttons attached to each time block (pairs determined by using .closest) to save whatever text the user has placed in the text area alongside the corresponding id to localstorage. The id is saved with the text as a key to sort the saved entried and allow for them to be pulled back to the right time block on refresh.
5. The second part pulls the stored id that is being used as a key, then places the text saved with it in the description section of the corresponding time block.
## Application Link
